of a problem of efficiently servicing
thrusters Undine a mclee positioned
semisubmersibles piso marine developed a
process to keelhaul thrusters to
minimize downtime regardless of water
depth whether on station or a drift be
so marine can conduct the removal and
installation process as the derrick
barge Boaz approached the drifting
drilling rig divers are used to attach
the Derrick barges mooring wires to the
rig hull with the Derrick barge secured
to the drifting drilling rig the rig
crew lowers the thruster to be replaced
divers then attach the lifting wire from
the derrick barge to the thruster as the
Derrick barges zooms the weight of the
thruster the rig releases it the
thruster is then lifted through the
water column and out of the water as the
thruster comes out of the water the
derrick barge swings to place the
thruster in the support frame
once safely in the support frame the old
thruster is d rigged and the replacement
thruster is rigged to the lifting wire
with the replacement thruster safely
connected to the lifting wire the
thruster is lifted from the support
frame
and placed into the water
once the thruster is lowered divers
connect the rig to the thruster and the
rig assumes the weight of the thruster
as the derrick barge hands it off with
the thruster hanging plumb under the
hull divers disconnect the lifting wire
from the derrick barge and the thruster
is raised by the rig and secured in
place once the operation is completed
divers release the Derrick barges
mooring wires from the drifting rig and
the bow as Dee mobilizes with the old
thruster